[Music]
This information that you're seeing in the
title is real Okay there are official websites that
corroborate it and the news is
the following of course let's see what happens with
this man well what happens with this of
course let's see what happens with this it's very
simple we've been hitting ourselves for months with
restraining orders that didn't exist
complaints of threats that didn't exist
hitmen that didn't exist that no that
Dallas wanted to kill I don't know how many people
and the day never came where is Serene
Where is Serene and it turns out that one
of them is right now in jail
Because right now at this moment he
is in jail right now he is
in jail Okay until Monday he won't be released
with charges he can get out on Monday with a
trust of
$200 he can get out on Monday with a trust of
$7200 and even though he pays bail and we'll have to
wait for a trial I
imagine or whatever see how much they
sentence him to he can't go near the
victim I mean he has a
restraining order with the victim Why
wait when I tell you Why when I
tell you Why not don't tell you  Are you going to
believe because of death threats and
bodily harm María Florencia just
gave away 50 members we're not going to get to
7500 to pay Raed's bail
but I can't take it anymore I mean if they write the story for us it wo
n't come out the same eh if they
write the story it won't come out the same dude
here you have the arrest record
written threats death assaults I
mean let's see let's see I mean let's
see but if this man this man
the information about the hitmen came out and
this man let's see wait can we go to
Ray's Twitter please Can we go to Raed's
Twitter I need it I need it I
need Raed's Twitter right now
October 28th asking for Serene
Serene 20 days without appearing Where is
Serene well this man new friend of
Delox By the way new person
trusted by Delox okay Delox about
Serene and the hitmen who posted a
tweet not with emojis of knives and such
no eh that information came to him
from Ra okay Well it turns out that the one with the
restraining order on Ricky the one who
defended the restraining order  from
Ricky Well it turns out that the one who
is in jail right now is this one
look here you have the
cell number jail number jail number look here you
have the cell number it's
a woman viogen Virginia Why do you say it
's a woman where do you see it's a
woman Wait I'm saving it
Rodrigo sereno his name is not a
woman Look Rodrigo sereno no no a certain Rodrigo sereno
will he be Serene's husband
Rodrigo sereno I can't
Francisco Javier Our Lord
we ask you through gibel and the friends of RAE
in the name of the king of gossip and the
spirit of luares saen p de gibel Oh
gubel I can't eh save yourself Bastard save yourself I
mean In the end the one who invented the
cicario thing dude is in jail right now
for having threatened a certain
Rodrigo sereno they're also sending me a beating I
know what's going on okay okay okay okay I know
what's going on here pay attention This is the
lawsuit okay I know what's going on Look he's
the owner of the apartment where  is or is
capable and owes him money eh No don't tell me he does
n't have money to pay for the apartment
to pay the bail either no no no no no
no at all material moments of the
present the defendant rax worried about
serene while talking to raed face
rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter yes no no no
fails eh or is red is an squatter the
plaintiff is the owner of certain
real estate property located in Miami
the deed is attached t ta such the place
is appropriate in the county that
nobody dub it please is real it is in the
Miami database on the Miami
Day page it can be verified Yes yes yes this is
Dallas' plan Dallas controls
justice Javi get out of there light up face crying
with laughter face crying with laughter face crying with laughter face
crying with
laughter has not paid the rent has
not paid the rent by the way according to what I
'm reading the case is from May serene
same serene beito destiny the time
Javi already but it is not the same it is not serene it is serene
face crying of is face crying
with laughter at least take the serene
to the bcast no  face rolling with
laughter but this has
nothing to do with the threats no I mean
this has nothing to do with
the threats eh Maybe something else
This is something else apart maybe not
the plaintiff respectfully demands that it
is requested You could say that Miami confirmed it to me
face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter this is a
lawsuit from de de sauo this is a
lawsuit from de sauo I mean it wouldn't have to
do with the issue of
But this This is from 2019 so this
wouldn't have to do with the
threats of now eh Maybe this is
a different case maybe this is
something different Javi you are my
internet fortune teller maybe he
threatened and attacked his landlord Well I don't
know man if it is related to this yes if it
were related to this then it looks
like no but of course
if it is not related to this Well
nothing on the one hand they evicted him from the apartment
for not paying and on the other hand well he
hit someone but well ra is
currently in jail for threats  of
death and physical injuries to someone
tremendous eh tremendous It doesn't fail eh what will
be the next thing that one of these
denounce it for Biogen but let's see
this is not false no I mean if it is on the
Miami website no Miami confirmed it to me no I mean
this no it can't be false No
wait Wait wait continuing with the
previous extract here we have the file
of Raed Beiruti arrested in Florida for
death threats and assault I
really wonder what a nerve eh what guy
what a nerve eh about the issue of the This
fits me no I can't fit one more image no yes
I can fit one more image and about the issue of the
issue of the landlord
we cannot confirm that it was him no I
mean about the landlord issue he
was arrested yesterday and at
this moment he is in prison he
has not paid the bail of he has not paid he has
not paid at the moment the bail of
7500 when he gets out he has to comply with a
restraining order and he will not be able to
approach his victim I am going to post
this for now that I had put it as
very bad okay I am going to take this down  for now
and then if we confirm that it's the landlord's thing, let's
see, it looks like it, but
like if we add that lawsuit
to the assault and
death threats report, it looks like
the landlord wanted to kick him out of the
house because he's not paying and then this
guy got aggressive and hit him,
we've seen how he
behaves on the internet many times, no, but of course I don't have it
confirmed, I don't have it confirmed
that it was because of that, okay, and I've
put it in a little more
conditions because I had put it in a
super fast way, Okay, so this, this
guy, the one who invented the thing about
the hitmen will say something, the talk show hosts,
well, above all, I'm interested in the opinion
of his new friend, Delo, because Delox
condemns these things. But anyway, Delox condemns
these things, but really, eh,
Daniel, a kiss, handsome. Hey, hey. Is it possible?
Is it possible that we'll reach
3,000 members here? First reaction of D
review to the arrest of r beuty, he's
mega crazy, the slightest thing goes crazy
and starts saying outrageous things. This
thing is really sick  it's what dep will carry
man well no man yes it's true watch It's
true watch let's see I'm going to tweet not your
comment [ __ ] Wait a moment I'm going to
tweet your comment you see the United
States you know how it is I'm traveling to the United
States In a little while and I have to
do a thousand paperwork okay let's
see this is very long no this is very
long things like the ones that have led
to jail it should be remembered that ret along
with his friends delo and Ricky edit accused
dala of precisely similar things to the ones that
led him to jail this
weekend
it's that dude they are some [ __ ] mouths Wait Wait Wait I
'm
seeing around there another other tit from Dallas I
'm going to put this one it's that dude it's that you don't have to
do absolutely nothing eh I don't
know if you know Dallas we haven't
talked much the last few days but you've taken
down a few channels you've taken
down a few
YouTube channels with this that you're
right now calm that the kids are there are
channels that are kind of depressed that they've that they've that they've
accused Dallas precisely  of things
similar to those that have
taken him to the house What will be the
excuse a but of host but not even quoted that he is
going to return against Dallas on
Monday save yourself [ __ ] the light XD Lu The light
first reaction of Dallas review to the
arrest of r dep portan and has
pending matters in Lithuania But
where are they sending him now to Venezuela
Welcome to the light Welcome to the light
Well I think that tonight there is not much light
raide est lo Oh Here I'm missing an
emoji dude it doesn't fail eh dude it's
literally always the same projection
eh It's always the same projection dude Let's
see no there is no rat Don't look
like a [ __ ] first reaction of D the
review to the arrest of raed beuty B
How was be ruty he is crazy he will be
deported from the United States it is worth
remembering that raed along with his friends
delox and Ricky edit accused dala
of precisely things similar to those that
have put him in jail this
weekend but it can't be Look at
the things that he put eh I mean but
anyway  Uncle Anyway, we're
going to keep seeing my Fran
Anyway, the people on foot, the people on the
street, the people who are at home in
Toledo, in Asturias or in Javi, I
love the video of the main thing What a great
job I'm glad you like it because I
went to bed Ah At 6 in the morning
recording, it was 2 hours of Bruto, a
lot of hours compiling and
structuring the video and there will
most likely be a third part because I
'm seeing that the video is
working well, you have suffered
a lot, churra, the other one who
was threatened with death and attacked suffered a lot, okay, eh, it
has 43,000 views, eh in 5
hours, it's okay, it's okay,
Dalas tells me if he doesn't pay the bail, he'll stay
in jail for a year until the sentence
if he doesn't pay the bail Well, I don't know what would
happen, can someone from Miami help me out
of that doubt? Yes, if he doesn't pay, that's how it is,
if he doesn't pay, of course, let's see, I understand that
the bail is for you to get out, but apart from that, I'll
tell you something else Wait, I'm
pissing myself and I'll keep commenting  uh wait a
minute luare you're here luares luares he's
going to send us [ __ ] because I'm
cutting the piece in 1000 because I'm
bringing Fran into the middle I'm going to look at
Fran's thing again from the beginning and
luares removes Fran's thing from the middle and
now I make a proper extract
with Fran's thing and we'll finish talking about
ra But anyway basically yes it's
around there places I don't think he's going to send me
[ __ ] places Well we're we're taking
out thousands of trouble ra's thing em let's see
I understand that the issue of bail is
for something bail is useful for you to pay
bail that's why it's called bail
as long as they condemn you or not it's like
a guarantee not to send a kiss if you don't
pay bail of course I understand that he
stays in jail until the sentencing the
issue and that none of you are thinking about
this okay place you put it all together later
no king you're the best there is
here the issue and there's one thing that
none of you are commenting on your honor
balas totally there's one thing that you
're not commenting on everyone then they may
condemn him or not but but for now  They
put him in jail and he has a
bail of
$ 500 So the evidence at least at
least the evidence has to be
strong that later maybe
the opposite will be proven okay maybe later the
opposite will be proven but
for now the evidence has to be
strong not for them to put that
bail on him And for them to put him in jail No, I
'm here for two reasons And it is that I
promised Auron one thing Okay I'm going
to tell you when I got really bad
when I got really bad and I was in
my stage of depression that Auron
literally Auron was with Juan
always contacting me and if I
was okay and Juan was
literally contacting my dad Juan was the one who
asked my dad if he was okay and
Juan told Abrón Hey how manche
today this day happened to him Comanche this
day he did this he did that but there's something he
told me when I was like this like this
because I told him I'm not going to get out
of this I'm not going to get out of this this
for later okay Hey if for whatever reason I'm
going to leave  over here okay And
with this I close the excerpt I really
promise you luare I'm going to leave it here
said okay I value my life a lot I value
my life a lot I have no intention
of leaving here or at least until I
reach 5000 members okay if
for whatever reason you see that by giving this
news or whatever suddenly one day I
don't show up okay just know that it wasn't by
my will Okay I'm
looking at myself raed will pay bail with what with
Bambi at bmart Okay then Now let's
watch this video Fran sent it to me he
sent it to me I don't know what he wants tremendous piss
grandpa literally literal
georgio literal [ __ ] man you
ruined the excerpt a bit but
come on okay no problem let's watch this
video that Fran just sent me on
WhatsApp I imagine it will say something
powerful that's why he wants us to see it on
WhatsApp I value and love my life and I would never
take it away share it with people if you
don't want Dallas to come to your house I
want to make it very clear okay just in case
eh I value my life a lot can you  Take
this tweet to put it on Twitter. Please,
can you take this tweet to put it on
Twitter? Okay, I value my life a lot. Okay.
If for whatever reason, eh. One day I stop
being here, just know that I value
my life a lot. Okay, if starting Monday
I disappear, just know that it's not by my
will.
[Music]